## Design Challenge

The main activity my project would focus on is searching for academic coursework and related academic topics. This satisfies the user’s need for understanding the logical progression of their future course plans and evaluating the intellectual value that their courses provide. Many college students require this information to determine their career path in the future; thereby, it is necessary to have an efficient and clear way to find this important information. This task also may impact the student’s financial security because if a student fails to pick the right course, it results in wasted money spent on unnecessary coursework. The traditional solution is to visit a counselor in person and spend time formulating a 4 year course pathway. While this solution is optimal because the counselor will likely have the most up to date information, classes sometimes fill up quickly and a student will need the flexibility to change and alter their course pathway as needed. Another current solution is to utilize the department’s website and use a search bar to find the handbook or a sample course pathway. This solution lacks an element of personalization for tailoring the course work.

 Some limitations that could be improved with digital technology is the lack of flexibility to change course pathways and degree of personalization. By utilizing AI assistants that provide feedback through question and answer or online counselors, a student will be able to search all the available academic courses and ask specific questions about prerequisites to an online assistant on the same website. Digital technology can also be used to quickly revise a schedule that would be difficult to change on paper. The website I focused on for previous assignments, the UCLA Economics website, struggles with providing good search results and I would like to use this user research to provide context for how other sites deliver search results and how users perceive the search process. 

